now Israel says Border Police have
killed a senior Hamas commander in the
occupied West Bank Israeli forces are
pressing ahead with a major operation in
the Palestinian territory which began 3
days ago as many as 20 people have now
been reported
dead this is what is left of the city of
tulam in the occupied West Bank roads
damaged and homes completely
destroyed Palestinians are now trying to
pick up the pieces is in the wake of
destructive Israeli
rids the gas canisters and the store
exploded and they bombed the whole house
including the
furniture we started calling the civil
defense and people to put out the fire
because we didn't want the neighbors and
children to get hurt we called people
but they all fled the area and many were
being
arrested Israel says it targeted
militants killing a local commander of
Islamic
Jihad the city of Janine has now become
the center of Israeli operations the
Israeli police released this footage it
claims to show its troops killing a
senior leader of Hamas in Janine while
he was
driving the Israeli military says
militant groups in the West Bank have
strengthened and conducted roughly 150
attacks against Israeli forces and
civilians over the past year in Janine
locals say Israeli troops are
surrounding the major routs leading into
the
city the real problems with the children
there's no baby milk
available and I've got a sick girl at
home with a high fever we weren't
expecting such things and the ambulance
can't even reach
us some Palestinians claim civilians are
the victims of the Israeli
raids Clash is erupted here they hit a
young man he was just a young man merely
a child
what did he do wrong they shot him in
the head and his brother is in critical
condition in the hospital despite him
having done nothing
wrong since the October 7 Terror attacks
on Israel Israeli rates in the West Bank
have increased
significantly this is Israel's most
intensive and prolonged operation in the
West Bank in more than a year nearly 3
million Palestinians live in the
occupied
territory it's important to remember
that the these Israeli raids are taking
place in the West Bank rather than Gaza
and I asked journalist balik sladin in
Tel Aviv why Israel is stepping up these
raids well uh over two or even two and a
half years isra has been conducting
raids against um what they describe as
tourist infrastructure in the West Bank
but um it all was limited operations
only and it didn't reach its goal uh the
goal was of course to um try to calm
down down any uh Insurgency or any um
terrist activities from the West Bank
into Israel and of course to stop any
possible um
attacks against settlers or Israeli
military um targets inside the West Bank
um something like this apparently wasn't
successful and that's what we're seeing
right now this uh um different strategy
um conducting um total Special
Operations uh using thousands of
soldiers including uh the special forces
that belong to the Israeli police and um
try to uh kill as many of these
militants as possible they already have
finished their operation in t Kim also
in the Jordan Valley but the operation
in Janine is still continuing even after
getting the head of the operations there
that uh uh belongs to
Hamas they killed him at this morning
and uh their again in order to
effectively uh try to eliminate any
possible front in the West Bank